[Music]
when two romantic go-getting guys are in
love with a hard to get girl the wedding
march is sure going to be paced by the
Battle Hymn of the Republic
[Music]
I like him loose
and what a neva now got a wife Connie I
loved you for a long time
Connie I think Carl is just about one of
the nicest fellows I could ever hope to
meet
but I think you ought to marry me
you know a man named Steve Mason he's
down at the priests and in a lot of
trouble he claims you might be able to
clear it up the romantic relationships
of the parties involved have nothing to
do with this case you've got nothing but
the weakest kind of circumstantial
evidence what's he got to do with this
anyway he's my attorney well he's my
fiance would to be married New Year's
Day and what were you doing in the park
with this guy eight o'clock Christmas
morning
[Music]